Update header photo, add `eval.py` to quickstart (#48)
mosaicml/llm-foundry: README.md

# Quickstart

Here is an end-to-end workflow for preparing a subset of the C4 dataset, training an MPT-125M model for 10 batches,

> converting the model to HuggingFace format, evaluating the model on some in-context-learning tasks, and generating responses to prompts.

Author: ```suggestion
converting the model to HuggingFace format, evaluating the model on the Winograd challenge, and generating responses to prompts.
```

If you have a write-enabled [HuggingFace auth token](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/security-tokens), you can optionally upload your model to the Hub! Just export your token like this:
```bash
export HUGGING_FACE_HUB_TOKEN=your-auth-token
```
and uncomment the line containing `--hf_repo_for_upload ...`.

> **(Remember this is a quickstart just to demonstrate the tools -- To get good quality, the LLM must be trained for longer than 10 batches :)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**(Remember this is a quickstart just to demonstrate the tools -- To get good quality, the LLM must be trained for longer than 10 batches :) )**
```

> **(Remember this is a quickstart just to demonstrate the tools -- To get good quality, the LLM must be trained for longer than 10 batches :) )**

Author: ```suggestion
**(Remember this is a quickstart just to demonstrate the tools -- To get good quality, the LLM must be trained for longer than 10 batches 😄)**
```
